hello YouTube
I got a problem with this iPhone 4 so
anybody out there that can help me out
this please comment or give me any
suggestions this has been a pain in the
ass for so long so anyways I'll start
out so this person gave me their iPhone
4 to prepare what it was was they had a
cracked screen for this iPhone 4 so I
offered to repair it as soon as I
repaired it I did - all the following
steps I took out the logic board you
know etc like I've done this before it
many times but there's something
different about this phone so like I
said the person that owns his phone told
me that she dropped it or a friend
dropped it or whatever that's not the
case the point is that I guess when she
dropped her phone this is my theory so
if you can guys like tell me maybe what
happened but her phone cracked so I
replaced her screen and right after I
replaced her screen it turned on
everything was fine
I swear to god I like I swear this phone
was ok so as soon as I turned on the
phone they had service no problems with
the LCD the logic board would be
applying all the like no widescreen no
nothing this is it worked but it's not
the case so this has to do with this
girls of iPhone I'm just trying to think
of way to say this her phone and this is
this has been such a big issue at me her
phone the backlight of this phone I
guess this is probably what's a problem
but it's been going dim so for example
ok there you go there's an example like
see the the dim you can't even see the
screen unless you pointed in an angle
and the sunlight or whatever on this
light like it's dim and
it wasn't doing that after I replaced
the screen and then the next day it
started doing it I thought it was a
connection with the the the flex
cables right for the LCD the digitizer
and I disconnected up I made sure I turn
off the phone first
so I disconnected I'm turned it back on
and then I disconnected this cable I was
right here - and then I reconnected it
all these right here that were connected
to the motherboard disconnected them
then I reconnected um I took out the
battery I've tried everything because I
don't want to give this phone back to
the person they wouldn't be satisfied
with the result so I'm stuck here with
an iPhone 4 that has a dim light so now
see it works now this is like the main
problem there you go a little turn off
randomly like I think the only solution
I found and this is temporary
it's keep pressing a lot but see it
flash on and I've been looking online
I forgot this guy's name is probably
like Carlton flowers or something like
that he told me or what I saw in the
video was you needed to get like a an
icy backlight and to install that and
remove the current one it took like it's
gonna take like a long process with long
very very high temperatures and it would
really take a long process and there's
no guarantee of fixing it which I didn't
want to deal with I really wanted to
know if there's any way to fix his
problem with the dim light so summarise
it all up
it is flicking back on and off but
mostly a dim light you could see the
screen the phone functions it's just as
you can hear it it just it goes on to a
dim light and I think it might be the
back line but I reconnected all the LCD
flex cables I and I'm pretty sure it's
not the LCD itself
these are secure secure
connections and I'm pretty sure I made
sure they were very very stable on
clicking on the right position on where
they would be so I'm I need any any help
on this please it's an iPhone 4 it's a
dim light like very very dark I could
see it but under sunlight only and it
would come on
only like good flash on I don't know if
you guys could see that like sometimes
it work for a very long time and then it
would once again go back to the dim
light so iPhone 4 dim light any
solutions please comment I need help
with this all right if you guys have any
questions to you about the phone or any
suggestions on what to do I'm looking
for a real cheap solution please as